Famuza Ltd. And it affiliates (collectively, "FAMUZA", "we" or “Company”) welcome you (“you”) to submit
your exclusive classy and fabulous fashion design masterpieces in order for us to create and share it with the world
(the "Design(s)"). You may submit you Design(s) using our submission form available at Famuza's website http://
www.famuza.com/ (the "Site") (the "Submission Form").
 
By submitting a Design via the Submission Form you hereby agree to be bound by the following Design Submission Terms and Conditions (the "Submission Form Terms") and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the submission of your Designs via the Submission Form. If you do not agree to these Submission Form Terms, please do not submit Designs. If you would like to keep your Designs confidential, do NOT send them to us. WE WILL NOT REVIEW CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
 
ELIGIBILITY: In order to be eligible to submit Designs via the Submission Form you must be an individual over the age
of eighteen (18) and possess the legal authority to enter into these rules and to form a binding legal agreement under any applicable law, and to fully perform your obligations hereunder.
 
EXCLUSIVE DESIGN PLATFORM DESCRIPTION: We welcome you to our Exclusive Design platform
(the "Platform") which enables you to submit Exclusive Designs via the Submission Form. Such Designs consist of
your classy and fabulous fashion design masterpieces. We would like to use the wisdom and talent of the crowd to find
extraordinary exclusive Designs in order to help create fashion masterpieces and share such masterpieces with the world. Company may at its sole discretion choose your Design to be produced and shared with the world. In the event that the Company chooses your Design to be produced, created and shared via with the world, the Company may at its sole discretion (but is under no obligation to) enter into a separate agreement which may include commercial terms of the Designs production and use (such as whether and how much royalties will be paid to you ).
 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OTHER RIGHTS: Please be sure that the proprietary rights including any
intellectual property and privacy rights of third parties who have any rights with respect to the Design(s) or content you
submit to us. Company will not bear any liability for any loss, damage, cost or expense that you may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with uploading any content including your Design(s).
When you submit your Design on the Platform, You grant to (i) FAMUZA an irrevocable, perpetual, exclusive, royalty- free, fully paid, transferable, assignable, fully sub-licensable and worldwide license, to use iany manner including by
reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, display, copy, make available to the public that Design, in
connection with the service, whether through the Internet, mobile devices or otherwise, in any media formats and through any media channels known today and developed in the future; and (ii) each user of the Site a non-exclusive and royalty-free license to access your Design through the Site and to use such Design solely for personal and non-commercial purposes. The Company may publish and use any Designs without your prior consent. You hereby agree and understand that you will not be entitled to prevent any transfer of your Design to any third party.
 
FAMUZA WILL DECIDE IF THE DESIGN WILL BE CHOSEN WITHIN A PERIOD OF THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM
THE DATE OF SUBMISSION. IN THE EVENT THAT YOUR DESIGN HAS BEEN CHOSEN BY THE COMPANY
TO BE PRODUCED YOU HEREBY AGREE AND ASSIGN YOUR AS DETAILED BELOW. YOU AGREE NOT
TO CHANGE THE OWNERSHIP AND/OR RIGHTS IN ANY CONTENTS YOU UPLOUD TO THE PLATFORM
INCLUDING IN THE DESIGN(S) WITHING THESE 30 DAYS AND NOT TO SUBMIT THE DESIGN(S) TO ANY
OTHER THIRD PARTY.
 
Please note: Famuza has no obligation to (i) use, commercialize, produce and/or create anything using the Design in any manner whatsoever and/or to incorporate the Design in any of Famuza's current or future products; (ii) keep your Design confidential; (iii) offer you feedback in regards to your Design. You are submitting your Design voluntarily, with no expectation that the Company will compensate you for the Design.
Without derogating from the aforementioned, you hereby explicitly waive any interest, claim or demand that you may have for, or may be entitled to, with respect to any consideration, compensation or royalty in connection with the any content you uploaded including the Design(s).
 
The Company may publish and use any content including the Design(s) without the your prior consent. You hereby agree and understand that you will not be entitled to prevent any transfer content including the Design(S) to any third party. The Company shall not bear any liability for any use by any third party of the content and/or Desing(s).
 
You agree and acknowledge that opportunity to submit your Design(s) to the Platform and your enjoyment of the Platform constitutes the sole and entire compensation regarding the license given by you to the Company and/or the transfer of any rights to the Company with respect to your work. You agree and acknowledge that this compensation constitutes sufficient compensation for any purpose under any jurisdiction.
You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent allowable under the applicable law, any of your moral right in relation to your Design(s) and/or your copyrighted work including any right of attribution in connection with your copyrighted work and any right to preclude alterations or distortions of the work or parts thereof (including so-called “gross” distortions or other mutilations) subject for reasonable proper attribution (online attribution to your nickname or Username will be considered proper attribution). You further agree and covenant not to assert against the Company, its affiliates, officers, employees, any claim or allegation in connection with moral right in relation to your work. Notwithstanding, Company, pursuant to its sole discretion, will include with your work reasonable attribution to you.
 
SEPERATE AGREEMENT AND ASSIGNMENT: Once you submitted your Design and if it has been chosen by the
Company to be produced, your Design will become the property of Famuza without any further action needed. To the extent the Design you provided to FAMUZE via the Submission Form has been chosen, you hereby irrevocably assign and transfer to the Company, its successors, assignees or nominees, all of your rights, title and interest in and to the Design, including without limitation any and all intellectual property rights associated therewith (such as copyrights), and all other present and future rights in relation thereto and arising therefrom.
In the event that your Design has been chosen by the Company, we may contact you in order to enter into a separate agreement which may include commercial terms that may determine whether the Company will offer you any amount of Royalties and or compensation in return for your Design. Please note that the Company is not required to compensate you in any way whatsoever in return for your Design.
For the avoidance of all doubt and without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, FAMUZA will have exclusive ownership rights in and to the Design and will be free to use it as it sees fit and for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, to incorporate the Designs into any FAMUZA's current or future products, transfering your Design to others, etc. Furthermore, you warrant that your Designs are not subject to any license terms, copyrights or intellectual property rights that would purport to require Company to comply with any obligations with respect to any FAMUZA current or future products that may incorporate any Designs.
 
ASSISTANCE: In the event that your Design has been chosen you hereby covenant and agree to assist the Company and its assignees in every proper way to secure the Company’s rights in and to the Design in any and all jurisdictions and, to the extent required, to effect the assignment and transfer to the Company of the Design, including without limitation, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assurances, assignments and all other instruments which the Company shall deem necessary or expedient in order to apply for and obtain any copyrights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto, testify in any legal proceeding, sign all lawful papers, execute all divisional, continuing, reissue and foreign applications and do everything possible to assist the Company to effect the assignment, the registration of all intellectual property rights in and to the Design on the name of the Company and to obtain and enforce proper protection, ownership and rights of use for said Design. You hereby irrevocably appoint the Company, its successors and its legal representatives, as your true and lawful attorney to execute such further documents and instruments, and do such other acts as may be necessary or appropriate in order to give effect to the provisions of this Design assignment.
 
REPRESENTATIONS: As a condition for Submitting Designs and/or content to FAMUZA, you hereby represent and warrant that: (i) the content and Design(s) you submitted to Famuza via the Submission Form is your original work and that you are the sole and bona-fide rightful owner of all rights in and to your Design, including all copyrights and any other intellectual property rights associated therewith, including the right to convey the entire interest in the Design free and clear of any undertakings or obligations, and have not made, and will not make, any agreement in conflict herewith in respect to the Design you submitted to FAMUZA via the Submission Form.; (ii) the Design you submitted to Famuza via the Submission Form does not contain any third party rights and materials, including without limitation any third party copyrighted materials, trademarks etc.; (iii) you have all the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions required to enable the Company's use of the Design; (iv) the Design you submitted to Famuza via the Submission Form does not infringe any third party rights including without limitation any intellectual property rights or copyrights; (v) the Design you submitted to Famuza via the Submission Form does not contain advertisements or solicitations of business, whether explicitly or implicitly; (vi) the execution and/or any act of acceptance of these terms does not and will not violate any other agreement to which you are bound to or any law, rule, regulation, order or judgment to which you are subject; (vii) the information you have and will provide to the Company is full, complete and true; and (viii) you have all necessary rights to disclose the Design to Famuza and that the Design you submitted to Famuza through the Submission Form shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION: The use of Platform is solely at your own risk. In no
event will FAMUZA be liable for any loss or damages whatsoever including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special,
incidental or consequential damages of any kind, or for personal injury, resulting from or arising out of your use of the
Platform. You hereby waive any claim you may have against FAMUZA, its officers, directors, affiliates or employees, in
this regard. FAMUZA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend these Submission
Form Terms and the Submission Form. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Famuza from and against any and all damages, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees), expenses, liabilities and claims, including third party claims and causes of actions, in any way arising by reason of or relating to any breach or alleged breach by you of any warranty, representation or any other provision in these Submission Form Terms.
 
GENERAL: These Submission Form Terms do not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture,
employer- employee, agency, or franchisor-franchisee relationship between the parties hereto. Any claim relating to the use of the Platform will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without reference to its conflict-of-laws principles. Any dispute arising out of or related to your use of the Platform will be brought in, and you hereby consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in, the competent courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel. If any provision of these Submission Form Terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Submission Form Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. You may not assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any or all of your rights or obligations under these Submission Form Terms without Famuza's prior express written consent. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. These Submission Form Terms are, together with the Terms or Use and Privacy Policy, the entire terms and conditions between you and Famuza relating to the Platform and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and Famuza.
 
CONTACT INFORMATION: If you have any questions (or comments) concerning these Submission Form Terms,
you are welcome to send us an email at the address provided on the website and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
